docs: update docs on versioning (#258)
mintlify/docs: settings/versioning.mdx

</Warning>

### Versioning Tabs and Anchors

You can hide a tab or anchor based on a version. This is useful if you have links that are only relevant in one version. Importantly, this does **not** apply the version to the pages within that anchor.

In `mint.json`, simply add `version` to your tab or anchor. Tabs and anchors without a specified version are shown in every version.

<CodeGroup>
```json Tabs
"tabs": [
  {
    "name": "API Reference V1",
    "url": "v1/api-reference",
    "version": "v1"
  },
  {
    "name": "API Reference V2",
    "url": "v2/api-reference",
    "version": "v2"
  },
  {
    "name": "Migrating from V1 to V2",
    "url": "https://mintlify.com/changelog/v2"
  },
],
```

```json Anchors
"anchors": [
  {
    "name": "API Reference V1",
    "url": "v1/api-reference",
    "version": "v1"
  },
  {
    "name": "API Reference V2",
    "url": "v2/api-reference",
    "version": "v2"
  },
  {
    "name": "Migrating from V1 to V2",
    "url": "https://mintlify.com/changelog/v2",
    "version": "v2"
  },
],
```
</CodeGroup>

### Sharing Between Versions

> Not _all_ content has to be hidden though! Any content without a specified version appears in every version so you never duplicate content!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not _all_ content has to be hidden though! Any content without a specified version appears in every version so you don't have to duplicate content!
```
